1.What are all the logical operators?

> greater than, opposite: <= less than or equal to
< less than, opposite: >= greater than or equal to
== equal to, opposite: != not equal to
&& and, opposite: || or

2.What are the 4 lines in the truth table and what does it mean?
They are values that help us programmers evaluate whether a complex condition would result in a True or False value.

3.Explain the difference between Opposite logic and Not logic?
For example, being the condition x>5:

DeMorgan's theorem or "Opposite logic" reverts the logic of the condition, it rewrites the expression with the opposite logical operator:
x <= 5
"Not logic" just makes the condition to be "negative"
! (x > 5)

4.What are the advantages of the complete if statement versus the limitations of the swith statement in C++?
If statement can evaluate complex conditions whereas switch statements can only evaluate wheter a variable value is equal to another.
If statements can evaluate conditions ivolving string and floating point numbers data whereas switch statements only work with integers and characters.

5.What happens in a if statement where there is no curly braces?
for example:
  if (...)
    statement;
  if (..) statement;

In this case, only ONE statement inmediately after the if-condition is run by the computer if the condition is TRUE.
If the programmer writes another statement below the first one, it will executed regardless of the condition.
Ussually this statement is either idented in the next line or written inmediately after the condition solely in one line.
This is only to enhance readability.

6. What happens in a if statement where there is no statement?
  for example:
    if (...);

In this case, the semicolon after the condition will end the if statement.
The program will compile but nothing will regardless of whether or not the condition is TRUE.

7.Name the 2 kinds of loops (how the loop is controlled)
Event controlled: It is controlled by evaluating whether a condition is FALSE or TRUE. 
If it is true the loop will be executed all over again until the condition become false.

Count controlled: It repeats a certain amount of times. It is used when the programmer know how many times the loop has to be executed.

8.Define a sentinel value.
It is a value used mainly to end a loop. It is located mostly inside an if-break statement.
So if a variable has the sentinel value the loop will stop.








