@copyrighted 1999 Valerie Colber
Full Name and Student ID Number: Luis Cermeno Farro 1837034
Course and section: COMSC-110-5003



1a. Explain in words what are the 3 control structures and how each of the 3 control structures 
works in general.

The control structures is the pattern that the computer follows in order to execute the instructions of a program. The sequence control structure is straight forward, it executes the
instructions in order. The selection control structures only executes the instructions in order IF a condition previously evaluated its true, if its not, then it will skip down a group of instructions.
Finally the repletion control structure allow the computer to make iterations of a certain group of instruction, just like the selection control structure this type evaluates a condition, but this
Time if it is true it will skip up all the way to the beginning of the group of instruction repeating them one more time.



1b. Explain in words what are the 3 kinds of programming errors and give examples.

Syntax error, this happens when the developer make a "grammar" mistake in with the programming language so the code editor doesn't understand. 
Example: 10 inpot averageAge. 

Logic, this happens when the developer makes a solving plan wrong, with contradictions.
Example: if averageAge>10 and averageAge<5 then...

Execution: when the developer write a code that is not possible to be executed by the computer.

1c. What are the 5 functions of all computers?
Input, output, processing, store, communicate/

1d. Explain in words what is a statement and what is an expression and what is the difference.
A statement is like a "sentence" in computer language, these gives the computer a certain instruction to execute.
A expression is like a "phrase" in computer language, this only indicates a certain value assigned to a variable.



1e. What are the 2 major categories of software and the 3 subcategories of each.

Application software which includes: productivity, education, entertainment.
System software which includes: OS, utilities and language translators

1f. What are the 3 language translators and how do they work? They translate what to what?
They translate a computer language ( C++, Java, C, etc) into binary, which is the modern tonge of computes. These are text editors, code editors, and IDEs.